imax format poison heading news today
untwisted am referral system ugre
world of tanks all cells for me
I'll say something quickly right away
rush as soon as possible
don't give you maximum
There is a lot of information on this topic and so
is the referral system in the game world
of tanks
this is the so-called bonus system
bun which is introduced soon our
developers what does it mean i think
that every man he is 14 years old he
faced with at least some referral
system whether referral system
any pyramid or what well or
something like that, that is, we
invite a person from this get
hooves bonus is very cool guys
we now have the opportunity to invite
friends or at least
calls old players out of this will
We will receive some sort of bonus for some
a certain number of points but what
most important after reaching twenty
thousand points each of us
guaranteed and get free
Tanchik then these masses 5 2 as we know
guys points this premium car this
level eight is a very cool tank
of it is a very good car it is average
tank
about him the video was already very much on my
channel and you have the opportunity to
Generally go to my channel and see
this is a wonderful video which in
Generally it was devoted to the car T95 and 2
what did the middle tank say it through
not the appearance of something like this
the american tree is so very interesting
the towers are shorter on the guys this is very
good bun further terms in the system
we have recruits recruit recruit
successful modern fight invite
sad experience and fluff referral experience
treated the very beginning what are recruiters
This is an active player who got
some amount
invites for inviting ages
players gain personal experience for successful
frankly so for the successful attraction
players in our game
the rookie is the player who produced
registration in the game through
invite another player that is it
a man who is by
link another player accordingly
signed kim register
automatically became a referral addition
man's Cheney invite code and he got
that is, you want to go to school for example
say you want to play the fund become to
I don’t know my friend that well
invite code so his club you
go to the site world of tanks and
you are registering for him and for that, how are you
would be my referral but i will
there will be bonuses for what you will now
my referral shake move also
for the same people for this you will be circling
exactly the same bonuses
still you will certainly have the opportunity
get new tanks of the eighth level t95
2 farther guys correction recruit
this is the player who came back i returned to
game after some virgin say
so long stop your zadrotstvo
he let's say got the same
invite code sent to him in his
recruiters
and he now gets experience for successful
joint fights
very cool stuff guys further
successful joint fight what is it
This is a standard battle in which participated
recruiters and 12 and the mother of his recruits
and not one or two or recruiters for it
we also get the flops guys very
how long will you have to tell all
will be as much as possible
next and your fast is it
single opportunity to dial
or recruit management in this dispatch
priyasya conducted through in parts will
bonds in an hour they will or in the hangar
or online that is how are you home to
which is generally a mass fund
in that village as a form so here is one of
Such links Czech Republic referral experience this
recruitable recruit experience
your say so referral your
joint or culture on foot
successful joint fights
love in nichrome do not understand shorter
saying guys freebie finally we are with you
even the legends of freebies I am constantly a player of
tanks
but again i sep theme news myself
because finally the developers started
at least some kind of hal stand out
do you guys feel sorry for the developers allen
the next guys gender referral experience
combination and referral experience of the Greeks
from all recruits or recruits shorter
saying this is the club for which we
will that you will see and
respectively, since its accumulation will
understood as even thoughts of other freebies and
t95 2 and attacks all the information I took
site in x Kazakhstan you can
go down the link and see i
Why do I say this because I do not want
violate the copyright of this site and
Accordingly, by this very same I will say so
supporting partnership more often what we are
will have bonuses we will have very
many really bonuses that is with us
there will be for everyone let's say so thousands
accumulated referral experience we will
get some buns and ok for 2000
referral rim we can teach thousands
euro almost a million silver it
imagine guys this is a lot of guys
million silver it can farm a whole
day and we just saved the children serfi
rarog customs protection for free it
get the next six of utes
real reason we get
charging a tank t-95 2 for 10,000 rubles
but in general the driver was
press 2 read thousands of incarnated
gunner for 20,000 we get commander
which has already been pumped
perks we can choose which and
accordingly, we get a tank t-95 2
without a crew and a slot to it
guys are awesome just fucking u and
jumps that our developers decided
protect your share the meaning of what
then it will all come out I think what else
more open bullit species
informative and show you clearly
the process of how to get
actually referral reason
there are many more
so the information I am now sitting with my
Monitor consider one point that guys
that we got drunk should carry freebies this
very good i hope you guys and
say thank you not crush this i
shared with you this information all
again you can merge the links with
don't forget my partner in the site here
clear and so on are all my partners
kids thanks for watching i hope
that I pleased you can subscribe
on the channel but i think i won't be you
remind you to do and in
principle
smart guys so subscribe well and like
probably put if you liked
General guys all bye